c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Final_Demo\Final_Demo\bin\Debug\Final_Demo.exe.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Final_Demo\Final_Demo\bin\Debug\Final_Demo.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Final_Demo\Final_Demo\bin\Debug\Final_Demo.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Final_Demo\Final_Demo\obj\Debug\Final_Demo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Final_Demo\Final_Demo\obj\Debug\Final_Demo.Main_Form.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Final_Demo\Final_Demo\obj\Debug\Final_Demo.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Final_Demo\Final_Demo\obj\Debug\Final_Demo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Final_Demo\Final_Demo\obj\Debug\Final_Demo.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Final_Demo\Final_Demo\obj\Debug\Final_Demo.pdb
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Final_Demo\Final_Demo\bin\Debug\Infectious NCS .mp3
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Final_Demo\Final_Demo\obj\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Final_Demo\Final_Demo\obj\Debug\Final_Demo.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Final_Demo\Final_Demo\bin\Debug\crush_effect.mp3
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Final_Demo\Final_Demo\bin\Debug\Infectious NCS.wav
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Final_Demo\Final_Demo\bin\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Final_Demo\Final_Demo\bin\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Final_Demo\Final_Demo\obj\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Final_Demo\Final_Demo\obj\Debug\Final_Demo.music.resources
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Final_Demo\Final_Demo\bin\Debug\Final_Demo.exe.config
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Final_Demo\Final_Demo\obj\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Final_Demo\Final_Demo\obj\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Final_Demo\Final_Demo\obj\Debug\Final_Demo.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Final_Demo\Final_Demo\obj\Debug\Final_Demo.exe
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Final_Demo\Final_Demo\obj\Debug\Final_Demo.pdb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Final_Demo\Final_Demo\bin\Debug\crush_effect.mp3
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Final_Demo\Final_Demo\bin\Debug\Infectious NCS .mp3
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Final_Demo\Final_Demo\bin\Debug\Final_Demo.exe
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Final_Demo\Final_Demo\bin\Debug\Final_Demo.pdb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Final_Demo\Final_Demo\bin\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Final_Demo\Final_Demo\bin\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Final_Demo\Final_Demo\obj\Debug\Final_Demo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Final_Demo\Final_Demo\obj\Debug\Final_Demo.Main_Form.resources
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Final_Demo\Final_Demo\obj\Debug\Final_Demo.music.resources
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Final_Demo\Final_Demo\obj\Debug\Final_Demo.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Final_Demo\Final_Demo\obj\Debug\Final_Demo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
F:\舊電腦重要資料\作品集\程式\視窗\小蜜蜂\Final_Demo\bin\Debug\crush_effect.mp3
F:\舊電腦重要資料\作品集\程式\視窗\小蜜蜂\Final_Demo\bin\Debug\Infectious NCS .mp3
F:\舊電腦重要資料\作品集\程式\視窗\小蜜蜂\Final_Demo\bin\Debug\Final_Demo.exe.config
F:\舊電腦重要資料\作品集\程式\視窗\小蜜蜂\Final_Demo\bin\Debug\Final_Demo.exe
F:\舊電腦重要資料\作品集\程式\視窗\小蜜蜂\Final_Demo\bin\Debug\Final_Demo.pdb
F:\舊電腦重要資料\作品集\程式\視窗\小蜜蜂\Final_Demo\bin\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
F:\舊電腦重要資料\作品集\程式\視窗\小蜜蜂\Final_Demo\bin\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
F:\舊電腦重要資料\作品集\程式\視窗\小蜜蜂\Final_Demo\obj\Debug\Final_Demo.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
F:\舊電腦重要資料\作品集\程式\視窗\小蜜蜂\Final_Demo\obj\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
F:\舊電腦重要資料\作品集\程式\視窗\小蜜蜂\Final_Demo\obj\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
F:\舊電腦重要資料\作品集\程式\視窗\小蜜蜂\Final_Demo\obj\Debug\Final_Demo.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
F:\舊電腦重要資料\作品集\程式\視窗\小蜜蜂\Final_Demo\obj\Debug\Final_Demo.Main_Form.resources
F:\舊電腦重要資料\作品集\程式\視窗\小蜜蜂\Final_Demo\obj\Debug\Final_Demo.music.resources
F:\舊電腦重要資料\作品集\程式\視窗\小蜜蜂\Final_Demo\obj\Debug\Final_Demo.Properties.Resources.resources
F:\舊電腦重要資料\作品集\程式\視窗\小蜜蜂\Final_Demo\obj\Debug\Final_Demo.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
F:\舊電腦重要資料\作品集\程式\視窗\小蜜蜂\Final_Demo\obj\Debug\Final_Demo.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
F:\舊電腦重要資料\作品集\程式\視窗\小蜜蜂\Final_Demo\obj\Debug\Final_Demo.exe
F:\舊電腦重要資料\作品集\程式\視窗\小蜜蜂\Final_Demo\obj\Debug\Final_Demo.pdb
